README.md, before:

### Hi there,
### My name is Chris Knowles, I’m a Chartered Mechanical Engineer, I’ve swum across the English Channel and I have just graduated from The School of Code 16-week Bootcamp and looking for my first opportunity to be a Full Stack Developer.

## A bit about me
### In the later part of my career, I was working alongside and realised I was watching Software Developers with envious eyes, the way they worked, the problems they were solving and how much the world of software development seemed to align with my way of thinking. I embarked upon a life-changing 16-week training course to become a Full Stack Developer and graduated from it in July 2023. I aim to bring all my experience and the ability to solve problems calmly and efficiently whilst working collaboratively with internal and external stakeholders to achieve shared goals.

### MichelleMoutonTributePage was built with no coding skills as part of my application to the School of Code
### CJK_TtpCalc_Frontend_Mentor is a vanilla Javascript project I challenged myself to build
### CJK_REACT_Weather_App is a project I started to compound my learning - it is best viewed on a desktop as I had not learnt about mobile first when I built it and the ReadMe contains where I am taking it next
### CJK_MongoDB_2 is a full stack project I created to learn how to integrate with a NoSQL database - The code is heavily annotated as I used this project to teach my final project team how to use and interface with MongoDB
### ✨✨✨Coming Soon ✨✨✨- the 5-week final project, we are still collaborating on this project - you can preview the current status at [local-buzz](https://local-buzz.netlify.app)

Commit message:

updated the file with links to projects

README.md, after:

### Hi there,
#### My name is Chris Knowles, I’m a Chartered Mechanical Engineer, I’ve swum across the English Channel and I have just graduated from The School of Code 16-week Bootcamp and looking for my first opportunity to be a Full Stack Developer.

## A bit about me
In the later part of my career, I was working alongside and realised I was watching Software Developers with envious eyes, the way they worked, the problems they were solving and how much the world of software development seemed to align with my way of thinking.

I embarked upon a life-changing 16-week training course to become a Full Stack Developer and graduated from it in July 2023.

I aim to bring all my experience and the ability to solve problems calmly and efficiently whilst working collaboratively with internal and external stakeholders to achieve shared goals.

## My Projects

Please see the README.md files in each of the project folders for more information on each project. 

| Project | Demo | Description |
| -------: |:------:|----------- |
| [TributePage](https://github.com/ChrisKnowles53/MichelleMoutonTributePage) | [MichelleMouton](https://chrisknowles53.github.io/MichelleMoutonTributePage/) | This was built with no coding skills as part of my application to the School of Code |
| [CJK_TipCalc](https://github.com/ChrisKnowles53/CJK_TipCalc_Frontend_Mentor) |[TipCalc]( https://chrisknowles53.github.io/CJK_TipCalc_Frontend_Mentor/) | A vanilla Javascript project I challenged myself to build |
| [CJK_REACT_Weather_App](https://github.com/ChrisKnowles53/CJK_REACT_Weather_App) |[WeatherApp](https://cjk-weather-app.netlify.app/) | I started this project I to compound my learning - it is best viewed on a desktop as I had not learnt about mobile first when I built it  |
| [CJK_MongoDB_2](https://github.com/ChrisKnowles53/CJK_MongoDB_2) | [MongoDB Store](https://cjk-mongodb2.netlify.app/) | My first full stack project that I created to learn how to integrate with a NoSQL database.The code is heavily annotated as I used this project to teach my team how to use and interface with MongoDB |


### ✨✨✨Coming Soon ✨✨✨

The 5-week final project, we are still collaborating on this project - you can preview the current status at [local-buzz](https://local-buzz.netlify.app)

You can also watch a [3min Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlCfnN2Gx-M) or the [12min Full Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jkGg5C7uw0) by clicking these links.
